Suppose there are some interaction scenarios for a small project management team, which includes the following interactive roles, devices and tasks (see more in the following pictures):
1)	Project members communicate and collaborate with the interactive devices, such as intelligent phone, pad and PC; ???
2)	Users login the targeted system with their familiar styles; ???
3)	As a project manager, the user can create the team, create the project and invite the project members with some effective ways, such as eMail, anytime and anywhere.  ????
4)	One project manager can create more than one team, and one team can own many projects and one project can own many project members. ????
5)	Project manager can start and manage the communication with members anytime and anywhere.   ???
6)	Project manager can create the task list and when creating the task, he or she can assign the task to some member with a deadline. ????
7)	Project manager can know about the dynamic state of the project. ????
8)	Project members can communicate with each other by some agile styles, such as memo or note. ????
9)	Project members communicate with each other in the way of task, memo, discussion, week report, and reminding. ????
10)	 Project members accept the assignment and give feedback for the assignment. ????
11)	 Project members can know about the state of his or her participation of the project by   checking up the finished or unfinished assignment. ???
12)	 Each project member can equally know about the latest status of the project.  ???
13)	 All of the messages, which have relation to the members, would be informed to the members as soon as possible.  ??
    As a software architect of the project, in order to meet the demands of the interactive scenarios stated above£¬you were asked to design a software product with commercial value following the steps of the ADD (Attribute-Driven Design) method.
1.	Please present the requirements specification for the system with UML use case diagram.
2.	Please present the tabular form of the Utility Tree with 5 ASRs (architecture significant requirements) that have high business value and architecture impact of including it.
3.	Please present the architecture design specification by the module decomposition view, concurrency view and deployment view respectively with the UML package diagram, sequence diagram and deployment diagram.
4.	Please explain the architecture design specification in detail by which architecture tactics are chosen and how the 5 ASRs listed above are satisfied . 
